Reflections 1 from Lesson 1

1)
Topic:  How using a tool like diff helps writing a good code.
Task:  I compared a long codes in game_old.js and game_new.js using the FC Windows command to
 find a tiny one typo that broke the game code.
Duh 0: This tool saved time because it picked up only the differences and displayed them for me to quickly go through.

2)
Topic:  How do having an easy access to the history of your changes improve your code?

Duh 0:  I think if I am working on a long and complex code that I 
debug and fix for different bugs in different parts of the code,
I might accidentally touch part of codes that were working but would not pay attention
until much later when I find out something is broken.

If I had checked in an ealier vesion of the code, and if the entire history is available,
I can compare to the earlier vesions and easily fix the mistake made later.

3)
Topic:  What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit,
 like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?
 
Duh 0:  Pros - I can make a judgement call when I completed a unit of task, each version would
be logical and easy to understand later or by other team members.
Cons - Since it's a manual process, if I forget or put the commit off and forget to come back to it,
the next version might get too big or I could lose my change by accident.

4)
Topic: Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit,
 while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
 
Duh 0: I think they do to ensure codes that are made up of multiple files are always kept together to easily
track all the files that are required to run the application.  Although there are times not all the files contain
changes, each commit would be always a complete logical unit that works together.

5)
Topic: How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
Duh 0: git log displays a short summary of each commit of ID, time/date, description and author in most recent first order.
git diff takes 2 commit IDs you pick from the git log and displays differences.  
When Git properties of the color.ui was set to auto, it's even more easier to quickly find out which line was deleted (in red) and 
inserted (in green) from the result.

6)
Topic: How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
Duh 0: Since you know there is a last working version of the codes in the version control, and there are commands 
to go back to that point of changes, we can focus on tasks at hand without worrying too much about
accidentally breaking the code.

7)
Topic:  Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
Duh 0:  When I start another course on the Udacity, I would use the Git to save and share codes assignment
with the instructors primarily.  Later on when I get more involved, I may use it to access the Git Hub repository
for learning and sharing.


